Replace academy links with ComHub LP links (#2386)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/storefront/controllers/add-dynamic-content-via-ajax-calls.md

::: info
Refer to this video on **[Creating a JSON controller](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VzREUDdpZ3E)** dealing with the creation of a controller that returns JSON data.

> Available also on our free online training ["Shopware 6 Backend Development"](https://hub.shopware.com/learn/path/shopware-backend-development-intermediate).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For related free Academy background, see:

- **[Storefront Controller: Routes, Services, and Template](https://hub.shopware.com/learn/unit/storefront-controller-routes-services-and-template)** in the **Shopware Backend Development Essentials** learnign path.
- **[Custom JavaScript](https://hub.shopware.com/learn/unit/custom-js)** in the **Shopware Frontend Development Essentials** learning path.
- **[Storefront Core Features](https://hub.shopware.com/learn/unit/storefront-core-features)** in the **Shopware Frontend Development Intermediate** learning path.
```
